33

Welcome to Jungle Quest!
You recently obtained an old treasure map in mysterious
circumstances.  It showed the location of the Lost Jewel of
Leopold II, evil king of the Congo Free State.  And since you
have always wanted to be more like Indiana Jones, you have
mounted an expedition to find it.

Thank you for playing Jungle Quest!

Invalid node.

You are in your campsite in the Congo Rainforest.  Your tent is
to the east and your jeep is to the south, at the end a broken
track through the trees.  The jungle to the north looks thin
enough to push through.

You are in your tent.  It is hot here.  The exit is to the west.

You are in the jungle, wishing you had brought a machete.  There
is a river to the north and a wetter area to the west.  The
jungle to the south is thinner and the ground slopes steeply
upward to the east.

You are in a swampy part of the jungle.  You would be able to go
north, east, or west from here.

You are in a very wet area, surrounded by a steamy mist.  You
can't see where you are going, so be careful!
Suddenly, a hippopotamus looms out of the fog.  Chomp!

You are in your dugout canoe, at the east end of a jungle river.
A waterfall tumbles down from a ledge to the east.  It would be
possible to climb the banks of the river to the north and south.

You are in a dugout canoe in a rough portion of a west-flowing
river.  The banks to the north and south are too steep to climb
here.
Suddenly your canoe gets caught in an eddy and flips over.  You
are trying to right it when a hippopotamus looms out of the fog.
Chomp!

You are in the jungle, to the north of a river.  There is a
steep slope to the east, but you should be able to travel north
or west.

You are deep in the jungle, surrounded by banana trees.  There
is a more-open are to the west, but the other directions look
impenetrable.

You are deep in the jungle.  The only way to go from here is
south.

You are part way up a steep slope, climbing an improvised vine
rope.  The top of the slope is to the east and the bottom is to
the west.

You are at the top of a steep slope, just to the south of a
giant mangosteem tree.  The tree looks climbable, as does the
slope to the west.  There is a river to the south and
impenetrable jungle to the east.

You are in a rushing river, near the top of a waterfall.  The
river banks to the north and south look climable.
You are swiftly swept over the falls and dashed against the
rocks below.  Everything goes black.
You regain consciousness...
You are in a very wet area, surrounded by a steamy mist.  You
can't see where you are going, so be careful!
Suddenly, a hippopotamus looms out of the fog.  Chomp!

You are in the top of a giant mangosteem tree.  The only way to
go is back down to the south.

You are in your jeep.  You could climb out of the jeep into the
jungle to the north or drive down a trail leading back to
civilization to the west.

In time, you reach a road, then a highway, then a city.  It's
good to be back.

You are at the top of a steep slope, surrounded by impenetrable
jungle.
Suddenly, you see something -- probably a poisonous snake! --
moving through the undergrowth to the south.  You jump away,
started, and land in a river to the north.
You are in a rushing river, near the top of a waterfall.  The
river banks to the north and south look climable.
You are swiftly swept over the falls and dashed against the
rocks below.  Everything goes black.
You regain consciousness...
You are in a very wet area, surrounded by a steamy mist.  You
can't see where you are going, so be careful!
Suddenly, a hippopotamus looms out of the fog.  Chomp!

Ahead of you is a swarm of buzzing mosquitoes.  You don't want
to get malaria and die, so you return the way you came.

Ahead of you is a swarm of buzzing mosquitoes.  You pull your
mosquito nets tightly around you.  That's sure to protect you,
right?

The water looks very murky, so you don't want to swim in it.
There could be a whole school of piranhas waiting just out of
sight!

You push your dugout canoe into the water and climb in.

Suddenly an elephant crashes through the undergrowth and flares
its ears at you.  Afraid that it is going to charge you, you
clamber up a nearby tree.  After a while, the elephant wanders
away and you climb back down the tree and retreat to the south.

Suddenly an elephant crashes through the undergrowth and flares
its ears at you.  Then it gets a smell of your chili peppers and
turns to wander somewhere else.

The slope looks too steep to climb.  If only you had brought a
rope of some sort.  Well, maybe you can improvise...

You toss your vine over a branch near the top of the slope and
use it as a rope.

The tree is full of bonabos.  Several of the the large ones
(the males?) approach you, screeching.  You quickly retreat back
to the south.

The tree is full of bonabos.  Several of the the large ones
(the males?) approach you, screeching.  You hurriedly toss them
a number of you bananas, and they calm down.

The door is locked.

You use your key to unlock the door.

You are on a narrow dry path in the wet jungle.  The ground
grows drier to the east and is increasingly swampy to the west.

========================

This game seems to be set in the Eastern Congolian swamp forests.
I'm not an expert on the area.
